OSDOCS-11734: GCP Workload ID OLM stub and related updates (#80721)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cco-short-term-creds-aws-olm.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="cco-short-term-creds-aws-olm_{context}"]
= OLM-managed Operator support for authentication with {aws-short} {sts-short}

In addition to {product-title} cluster components, some Operators managed by the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) on {aws-short} clusters can use manual mode with {sts-short}. 

> These Operators authenticate with limited-privilege, short-term credentials that are managed outside the cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* Operators managed by OLM authenticate with limited-privilege, short-term credentials that are managed outside the cluster. 
```
More scannable/SEO-able, I think. If you want to go the extra mile on this one.
